The Vogue magazine said that it's
embarrassing to have a boyfriend. And
that's what I keep telling you. Men
nowadays, they are acting like the
woman. They are acting like the
princesses. They want the woman to prove
that she is worthy of his provision. And
that's why it's embarrassing to be with
such a man. If a man is not able to step
up into his power, he's not able to come
into your life to make your life easier
so you can finally settle. So you can
finally step back, rest in your
feminine, relax, then he is not worthy
of being in your life. It's embarrassing
to be with a man who has nothing to
offer. If you agree, drop a comment
below.